mr. day the Dave I don't know want this
to be something we're doing not
something we're not doing
I'm afraid of deciding
did you phone Oh someone is hating life
right now hello
I don't know you talk too but that's my
phone and I need to get it back someone
else is just called and said it was his
fun actually he's already here this is
the time for a toast
you know yeah yeah it's been weeks in it
you're not showing I just feel like I'm
lying to everybody who loves me I was
wrong we're gonna go
don't answer it just get rid of it a
$500,000 what's on this phone Bobby look
you sure you want to do this we can't
stop after this mama I almost told my
mother last night it's time we decide
there will be people with a kid or a
parent
what's the difference between Bobby